Change single shard assignment log message from warn to debug (#18186)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: CHANGELOG.md

### Security

### Changed

> - Lower down the log level to DEBUG ([#18186](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/18186))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change single shard assignment log message from warn to debug ([#18186](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/18186))
```

> - Lower down the log level to DEBUG ([#18186](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/18186))

Author: @peternied 

I updated both the PR title and commit message of the first commit.
